Update the README with common options and commands (#2621)
berachain/beacon-kit: README.md

## Multinode Local Devnet

Please refer to the [Kurtosis README](https://github.com/berachain/beacon-kit/blob/main/kurtosis/README.md) for more information on how to run a multinode local devnet.

## Important Commands and Options

`beacond help` lists available commands. Some commands have sub-commands.

`beacond init` creates a folder structure for beacond to operate in, along with initial configuration files, the important ones being `app.toml` and `config.toml`.

`beacond start` starts the chain client and begins the syncing process.

> The key environment variable is `CHAIN_SPEC`, which can be set to `mainnet`, `testnet`, or `devnet`. This should be set any time when using beacond. It will influence which configuration files you get during `init` and which chain ID beacond will communicate with while running.  

Reviewer: @camembera  Here is the thing, if the CHAIN_SPEC is not set then it defaults to `mainnet`.

I have been discussing enforcing that the CHAIN_SPEC is specified (and possibly to provide via args) as it can be confusing dealing with errors in case user forgot to set this variable. Concerns about changing this behavour from the UX perspective?

Author: @fridrik01 the trajectory appears to be to remove this variable, and require the chainspec be set in the config file - 'mainnet', 'testnet', or a filename/path evaluated to `--home` (which defaults to ~/.beacond)

Author: ```suggestion
The key configuration value is the Beacon chain specification ("chainspec")  - analogous to an Eth genesis - is held in a spec.toml file. There are three well-known chainspecs (`mainnet|testnet|devnet`).  Or, a custom file can be provided to provide your own scenario's settings - see this [example using Docker](https://docs.berachain.com/nodes/guides/docker-devnet).

The chainspec is set with the `--beacon-kit.chain-spec` command line option, and if necessary for a custom chainspec, use `--beacon-kit.chain-spec-file`.  If used during `beacond init`, this value is written into app.toml and does not need to be specified anymore.
```

## Important Commands and Options

`beacond help` lists available commands. Some commands have sub-commands.

`beacond init` creates a folder structure for beacond to operate in, along with initial configuration files, the important ones being `app.toml` and `config.toml`.

`beacond start` starts the chain client and begins the syncing process.

The key configuration value is the Beacon chain specification ("chainspec")  - analogous to an Eth genesis - is held in a spec.toml file. There are three well-known chainspecs (`mainnet|testnet|devnet`).  Or, a custom file can be provided to provide your own scenario's settings - see this [example using Docker](https://docs.berachain.com/nodes/guides/docker-devnet).

The chainspec is set with the `--beacon-kit.chain-spec` command line option, and if necessary for a custom chainspec, use `--beacon-kit.chain-spec-file`.  If used during `beacond init`, this value is written into app.toml and does not need to be specified anymore.

You can override the default operating directories for beacond with the `--home <path>` option.

> The [Berachain Node Quickstart](https://docs.berachain.com/nodes/quickstart) provides a complete example of a functioning setup, suitable for a development system or for experiments.  

Author: ```suggestion
The [Berachain Node Quickstart](https://docs.berachain.com/nodes/quickstart) provides a quick deployment of mainnet or testnet on your desk. 

For developing with beacon-kit, you have options:
1. see the Makefile for targets to start stand-alone processes
2. see [an example deploying a team with Docker on a custom chainspec](https://docs.berachain.com/nodes/guides/docker-devnet)
3. see [a deployment with Kurtosis](https://docs.berachain.com/nodes/guides/kurtosis)
4. see [an expect script that does a complete cycle of deposits, withdrawal, eviction, voluntary exit](https://github.com/berachain/guides/blob/main/apps/local-docker-devnet/devnet-automation.exp)
```
